The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Mrs Miller wants the entire house repainted.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
Hit me with your pet shark!
We should play with legos at camp.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
The book is in front of the table.
I’m a living furnace.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
She was too short to see over the fence.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
We have a lot of rain in June.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
Once you know all the elements, it's not difficult to pull together a sentence.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
In that instant
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
Just go ahead and press that button.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
Flying fish few by the space station.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put ketchup on it